Jodi Dumler: Hello.
daniel hufford: Hello. Hello.
Jodi Dumler: Wouldn't be able to get you in later. So I was like, I gotta get you now.
daniel hufford: God
daniel hufford: Tell you, I got so much stuff papers.
daniel hufford: I've got so much stuff going on man.
daniel hufford: I can't remember nothing
Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: I just messaged the doctor. I'll let you know if he can, if he if you don't make it on Monday. If he has another time. He could meet you
Jodi Dumler: So if he gets back to me. I'll let you know.
daniel hufford: The last time I was at probate court. My mother passed and
daniel hufford: It took me. Oh, man.
daniel hufford: They went to lunch, they lock everything down. They kick you out in the hallway and then when they come back an hour later, then they'll, they'll start picking up from the line again and take care of people. But they're so slow and
daniel hufford: It's just, Oh, I know what it is, it's a pain. Mm hmm takes forever. Okay.
Jodi Dumler: Well hopefully Dr Fraga will be feeling nice and have a have an idea of what he can do.
daniel hufford: Good seeing you.
daniel hufford: smiling face.
Jodi Dumler: I tried to be a smiley face.
daniel hufford: Smiley Face a long time.
Jodi Dumler: coming to see you.
daniel hufford: Know,
Jodi Dumler: I moved you so I'm not doing evening groups anymore. Did I tell you that
daniel hufford: No you didn't. I love that. I hate
daniel hufford: You know,
Jodi Dumler: Yet. Don't get so excited.
Jodi Dumler: I'm not doing evening groups because I'm only doing a very few amount of Michigan patients. So ideally, I'll see you sometimes an individual, but ideally, I'll see you in my Monday noon group that I only do once a month, I just have to remind you to make it
daniel hufford: Yes, ma'am. You know me.
Jodi Dumler: Because I've only got a small group of people that can make Monday at noon. Everybody else somebody else.
daniel hufford: Cool and you kept me kept you yes
daniel hufford: Good beings.
Jodi Dumler: I've had you a long time. Do
daniel hufford: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Jodi Dumler: Plus, I knew I needed to have you come on and on in the afternoon. I could get you
Yeah.
daniel hufford: Right to pull over, like I do, Dr Fargo, a couple times me, my dad out doing the storage thing I'm calling Dr Fargo from the parking lot of Wendy's wants and
daniel hufford: For parking lot of the, the place was another time. Oh, man.
Jodi Dumler: I know I'm guessing they won't let you call while you're in your line for your probate court. But if you can I do it.
daniel hufford: Yeah, no, that's what I'm saying, cuz I don't think that your friggin phone even works in that place. I don't know, I've never tried. I think it's like turn your phone off type deal
Jodi Dumler: Right, I wondered
daniel hufford: While you're sitting there a response aren't going on.
daniel hufford: No, I see people actually on their phones in the weight and part
daniel hufford: Okay, so I mean if I get a window of opportunity. I'll try to sneak one in a real quick. Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: Just going at the beginning. Remember, I think he's still at 11 in the morning.
daniel hufford: 1030 I got a call virtual clinic and they made me watch it darn thing.
daniel hufford: Two times I watched it, then I messed up and got to have a wrong. I had to watch it again and
daniel hufford: trick questions.
daniel hufford: One was, for sure. Like, I didn't know if they could lengthen or shorten your medication. I know they could shorten your medication. Right. No, they can lengthen your medication. So
daniel hufford: I'll put no it was yes sorry to go back and put yes and
daniel hufford: I'm starting to feel a little better. It's kind of getting close to this probate Dayton. These don't know which way I'm going, you know, from
daniel hufford: But gotta sell my world. My, my house, or what
daniel hufford: Right. Okay. My family can't talk to me like a normal human being when
Jodi Dumler: Yeah, grief and money do crazy things to people.
Jodi Dumler: Right, my husband, my husband is a pastor, he tells me all about it because you guys having all sorts of family stuff that seems to come up at funerals and
daniel hufford: Oh man, my dad says that's when the buzzards come out.
Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: So, so I'm sorry you're going through it, but I can tell you you're not. There's a ton of people. This happens to and it should you
Jodi Dumler: Know along and missing somebody, but it doesn't seem to work that way.
daniel hufford: Right, I haven't had time really to grieve. Just keep my mind clear, I mean,
daniel hufford: Stuffs been coming through the mail. And I have to do this and I have to do that. Gotta go here, gotta get this. I didn't get my birth certificate yesterday I had to go get
daniel hufford: All our had to put my make sure my dad's death certificate was recorded. I had to make sure get copies of the taxes, the last two years, or paid. I had to get a copy of the deed.
daniel hufford: I had to go to one find one financial and gets on a statement, showing that the loan is paid for, because my dad was a smart man. I tell you, he always believed in insurance.
daniel hufford: And the past to insurance paid the loan off, which was only he was only three $4,000 away from paying it off. Anyways, and then he was going up north, but
daniel hufford: That's how that works.
Jodi Dumler: How is he at the, I mean, happy at the end. How is he doing with it all.
Mean
daniel hufford: Well,
Jodi Dumler: I mean, did he
Jodi Dumler: knew it was going down hill and wasn't sure I was gonna go
daniel hufford: He told me, bud. Something's wrong. It's more than
daniel hufford: That there's something more to it, don't be surprised if they find cancer. He goes, but if I if I get out of this hospital, you gotta promise to take me out the box. If I'm a vegetable or something, laying in that bed people wiping my ass. I don't want that.
Jodi Dumler: Yeah, and
daniel hufford: I said, Okay. Then I promise I'll kill your dad. No problem, bro.
daniel hufford: You know, I said. Damn, you know, you leave all the right and shit to me. And when you see the other two kids, you're all like nothing's happening like everything is great, fun and roses.
Jodi Dumler: Yeah.
daniel hufford: I get all the crap.
daniel hufford: Told Amanda that I said, Dad, dad wanted me killing it come out of vegetable assortment and
daniel hufford: Here he's worried about you.
daniel hufford: Know crazy
daniel hufford: She's doing better than anybody.
Jodi Dumler: You never know.
daniel hufford: Daddy's little girl. You know how that goes.
Yeah.
daniel hufford: There's this cat.
daniel hufford: Little sleeper as black cat up all night sleep all day.
daniel hufford: Okay. My dad was such a pack rat.
daniel hufford: I haven't even been in that room yet.
daniel hufford: Crazy.
daniel hufford: But I'm missing.
Jodi Dumler: I'm sure
Jodi Dumler: Probably
Jodi Dumler: Definitely your life. Well, especially we get thrown paperwork, your life is gonna be so different, because you're always doing family stuff.
daniel hufford: Doing for what am I doing from my dad now it's like, I don't know what the flip to do
Jodi Dumler: We're gonna do for Daniel, you know,
daniel hufford: Be great yeah yeah
daniel hufford: Well, I told my and I said, Man is being by myself. I used to this is I need to find me a girlfriend somebody I could trust the sun. That was my whole problem was pressed issues with women.
The body.
daniel hufford: So my life. I heard how can dive in. My mom was boy grandma and other girlfriends hers, and platinum. The humanists, and that another man. Huh.
Yeah.
daniel hufford: Neighborhood. I need a different class of female. That's what I need.
Jodi Dumler: So what are you gonna say you've got core on Friday. So what's that gonna tell you
daniel hufford: One day,
Jodi Dumler: On Monday, is it is Friday. Oh my goodness. Sorry. Yes, you.
daniel hufford: Know, I can't even party for Super Bowl.
daniel hufford: They're all over
daniel hufford: Like
Jodi Dumler: I never
daniel hufford: Know,
daniel hufford: Supposed to drink can't. So, I believe, is another one. I miss to. I didn't realize that Jesus also shows like smoking cigarettes and
daniel hufford: Are being under the influence. I was like, Oh, shit. Oops.
daniel hufford: Messed up a few times, there
daniel hufford: I'm trying to straighten up. I'm trying to straighten up
daniel hufford: I went back to southwest mental health clinic.
daniel hufford: And
daniel hufford: My guests are going to try to help me get my SSI and help me get my off.
daniel hufford: What bridge card back and help me with, you know, anything I need help with and counseling and stuff like that.
daniel hufford: Besides, you guys are have them also.
Good.
Jodi Dumler: So please don't get you. I think I'm still what they call them out there, but hopefully they'll get you a case manager.
daniel hufford: They can see I got one Christina. She's sweet.
Jodi Dumler: Good. Can she take you to appointments like so if your car breaks down or something and you go, and you're supposed to go to like a doctor appointment or something for
Control.
Jodi Dumler: I think
Jodi Dumler: I think they can. Or they can do something you should ask them about transportation for your medical appointments
daniel hufford: It's weird. You said that because my flipping van is messing up right now. But for going to part to drive. It's not wanting to go into reverse. It's not wanting to go on a dress, not the transmission to deal with the column.
daniel hufford: And that's worrying me
daniel hufford: See if I didn't have court and all this other crap Monday. I'm at the shop getting fixed. Yeah.
daniel hufford: I knew I should do that. This week to I knew what my dad said once it goes but it goes quick and full I didn't think I was getting out of the all
daniel hufford: The party store parking lot today.
daniel hufford: Was born the gear.
daniel hufford: You, buddy. So here's my grandma.
daniel hufford: Mama.
daniel hufford: Lady grandma was
daniel hufford: Husband's a pastor, he says.
daniel hufford: Wow.
Jodi Dumler: I'm pretty sure I told you that before, Daniel.
daniel hufford: I don't recommend
daniel hufford: Well, over half of what I did last week.
Jodi Dumler: As. Okay, so are you gonna have an individual therapist at Southwest
daniel hufford: Yeah, Christina.
Jodi Dumler: Okay, and a case manager.
daniel hufford: I don't know what that is.
daniel hufford: The same thing
Jodi Dumler: There should know. You know, there should there should be no no
daniel hufford: Actually two different
Jodi Dumler: There should be somebody that does therapy, kind of like me, where they meet with you and they visit
daniel hufford: My psychiatrist.
Jodi Dumler: That's your med person, you still could be three people. That's what I'm asking.
daniel hufford: Yeah, they are. Dr. G.
daniel hufford: Christina and my psychotherapist lady I forget her name.
Jodi Dumler: Okay. Then there's for I don't know how you have for but somehow because you the case manager when I'm asking about is a lot of a lot of places that do like they're the mental health clinics. A lot of them have somebody that can come out to your house.
daniel hufford: Or
Jodi Dumler: Or do transportation or assistance, some of that stuff.
daniel hufford: She met Christina, which is something about so she has the drive and I think she did say, yeah, I can go places for Uber. I don't know if we're talking about
daniel hufford: Different things
Jodi Dumler: So it could be her, she could be the case management or here, or whatever she could be good. That's, that's what I'm thinking. Yeah, it would be good.
Jodi Dumler: Okay, so that in that case, though, since you, you're probably having a therapist, there is, I probably can't see you for individual too often, but I wasn't going to anyway because I want you to group to with us. So that'll be okay.
daniel hufford: I like the individuals are good.
Jodi Dumler: I know, I know you do by
Jodi Dumler: Group, I know you do. But I also your insurance, you want to make sure your insurance pays for your stuff.
daniel hufford: Yeah okay all right here. Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: Overlapping hit something and run into something where it's charging you
Jodi Dumler: So you'll, you'll have there'll be more for sure that i mean if they're gonna hit go pay group if they've been paying group so
Jodi Dumler: I don't want you to end up with a bill for anything. You don't need a bill for
daniel hufford: I got a wall, Bill. Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: That's why I don't do individuals. Very often with people in Michigan is because of that.
daniel hufford: How could they charge you.
Jodi Dumler: Sometimes, depending on what you've got going on, they'll, they'll charge
daniel hufford: They won't pay for your individualized too much on your plate, then start charging me well.
Jodi Dumler: Mostly they for you for your sake, because you have mental health. They can look I could, I can see you individually once in a while, but if you're seeing a mental health place like there.
Jodi Dumler: Then they'll might say it's a duplicate. And so then they might not want to pay for one, so I don't want to do that.
daniel hufford: All right. Gotcha.
Jodi Dumler: But well, so that's why groups better, even though you don't like it, because it'll get covered and then I can keep seeing you every month for sure.
daniel hufford: Like I heard they were like, we got a Suboxone clinic. Yes, it knows what I'm dealing with right now at all unless it up.
daniel hufford: Like my therapist to let my doctor, everything's cool. Once in a while I mess up and I gotta go take a doe urine or blood test, but that's fine.
daniel hufford: That had bad luck with Southwest mental health. I mean, it's like they give you know window you miss an appointment you miss an appointment. I mean,
daniel hufford: It's crazy, like I missed to get my blood pressure, I switched over my primary care doctor over here and
daniel hufford: I missed the date because I had to go, what was it,
daniel hufford: Had to do something when it was all I had to see my sister and give her papers for
daniel hufford: One main financial the full out
daniel hufford: And it was at the same time, I can see her as the same time my doctor's appointment was into RE scheduled me was 18 February 18 I believe it is
Jodi Dumler: Yeah, I'm sure.
daniel hufford: Well, so
daniel hufford: I'll be down on blood pressure pills for a little bit.
Jodi Dumler: Are you gonna do you have to know now, but are you hoping to go back and do that nice stuff now.
daniel hufford: I love after this is out of my brain.
daniel hufford: I want to get my foot done and hopefully God before spring. I don't want to be hobbling around springtime. I want to be out there making some money and moving some of these things will store full of stuff that's gotta go.
daniel hufford: tear up the whole back of this House, I got a patch the part of the roof in the front of the store. I got a lot to do changes toilet out a lot lot to do.
daniel hufford: Yeah, I
daniel hufford: Wish I had a brother.
daniel hufford: Some record trust to be in here working with me. You know, that's my problems, trust, man, I'm
daniel hufford: It's hard for me to trust anybody.
Jodi Dumler: Find somebody and you just wait and see. You just gotta
daniel hufford: You know what I'm doing right now.
daniel hufford: I'm itching, a bullet my side.
Jodi Dumler: Yes, getting yeah
daniel hufford: It's raining out
Jodi Dumler: Not considering all you're going through. It sounds like you're holding that pretty well.
daniel hufford: Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: Hold on, I got to have, you know, I got Jason, give me a sec.
daniel hufford: Okay, well, I see you
Jodi Dumler: Don't leave me yet.
Jodi Dumler: Pulled up, Jason. I ended up with two of you. Give me a second.
I do this.
Jodi Dumler: breakout room to Jason, I'll be there in a second.
Maybe
daniel hufford: A word breakout room.
Jodi Dumler: To do it maybe
daniel hufford: Per second. You still there.
It's not going away.
Jodi Dumler: Well we track anything I needed to ask you really quick Dino, since we're almost done. And I haven't heard back
Jodi Dumler: From the doctor yet on you.
Jodi Dumler: Danielle. So yeah, let us know you were going to try and make it
Jodi Dumler: And so I'm sure he'll let me know on Monday, and you can let me know what happened but if
Jodi Dumler: He lets me know another time.
Jason short: Will tell me
Jodi Dumler: Okey dokey. I was looking at your goals are like
Jodi Dumler: It sounds like really for you. I think the big thing now because I'm just waiting for you to deal with everything. But I think the big thing for you, then, is to
Jodi Dumler: Let me ask them about transportation there so that you can maybe have some help getting all those appointments are going to have in the future.
daniel hufford: Right. Yeah. Because I DEFINITELY NEED SOMEBODY DRIVING HOME FROM if I'm like food operate on to. That's my driving for
Jodi Dumler: Yeah, there should be there should be something with your insurance or they should be able to do it. So I would ask
Jodi Dumler: Find out what they got. And they should be able to tell
You
daniel hufford: Already
Jodi Dumler: All right. So put on your calendar.
Jodi Dumler: That I should see you
Jodi Dumler: In group with the my new
Jodi Dumler: Group I should see you at February 10 so not not this Monday, but the following Monday at
Jodi Dumler: Noon your time.
daniel hufford: February 10th.
Jodi Dumler: Yep, at noon.
daniel hufford: God
daniel hufford: Very
Hey,
daniel hufford: There.
daniel hufford: Let me see these bills.
Jodi Dumler: I'm sorry.
daniel hufford: Ready.
Okay.
daniel hufford: Yes, ma'am.
Jodi Dumler: All right. I'll talk to you later. Bye.
daniel hufford: Thank you.
daniel hufford: Later, and
daniel hufford: I never say goodbye.
Jodi Dumler: Last
Jodi Dumler: There we go. Hello.
Hi.
Jodi Dumler: Hey,
Jodi Dumler: I'm gonna do early so I still
Finishing
Jason short: Yeah.
Jason short: Come up here. I'm stealing some ice was hard to get out.
Okay.
Jodi Dumler: Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: You had white by your new place.
Jodi Dumler: Okay.
Jodi Dumler: Um, I asked. So you said you're still waiting on an answer.
Jason short: Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: And I asked.
Jason short: her why she said that
Jason short: Turn
Jason short: That Mama would have come with me to get it failed and everything and I thought it was a day.
Jason short: When I tried and tried to get
Daniel
Jodi Dumler: Did you went in person. And what happened.
Jodi Dumler: Okay, let me look cuz yeah what I have in my last notice that the doctor the purse corruption. So we should have that
Jodi Dumler: I'm a look and I know Danielle said she still is the last thing I ever heard she was still trying to get the pharmacy to approve it, like they were going to like they said they were going to, but she didn't get back to me yet today to tell me
Jodi Dumler: Where it's sitting
Jason short: Right now for the pharmacy.
Jodi Dumler: Looks like you've got us
Jodi Dumler: Well,
Jodi Dumler: She just continued the old one. Okay, um, let me. I'm gonna keep asking them because it looks like maybe they need to send a new week script like a then there's one approved. There's one in here but
Jodi Dumler: I'm wondering
Jodi Dumler: Looks like they might be right in a week script to start with that the pharmacy would like. So let me see. I'm not seeing that in here. So maybe that does need to be entered and maybe we're actually just needing to enter that in. So let me
Try one more time together.
I think
Jodi Dumler: I'm just waiting to see. So right now what are you doing are you taking other medicine, are you doing
Jason short: Iraq and Iran basketball.
Jason short: Suboxone if I can
Jason short: Take
Jason short: Whatever I can do about
Jodi Dumler: What happened because I didn't hear from you, until the last minute, and then you were telling me you're already looking for a pill. So what happened that I didn't know
Jodi Dumler: Before usually you're kind of spreading them out. You have some and I guess I'm wondering what was different this time. What happens, what happened.
Jason short: Can
Jason short: Say,
Okay.
Jodi Dumler: So where are we, what are we looking at right now for you, Jason for stability with with life in general, what's going on.
Jodi Dumler: I want, I asked.
Jodi Dumler: What's going on with the rest of, like, what, what's your day to day looking like now.
Jodi Dumler: Okay, okay.
Jodi Dumler: Are you live. Are you staying with your mom again are you back in that place you had told me last time I saw you, you were in
Jason short: Oscar boys.
Okay.
Jodi Dumler: Not in that place. You told me last time you thought it was gonna be kind of a permanent spot, hopefully.
Jodi Dumler: Unlike financially and everything. It's gonna be that home will work out, you'll get to stay this time.
Jason short: Okay.
Jodi Dumler: Good deal. Well, I want to make sure I understand what you're saying. I understand. That's where you are right now. And I just want to make sure that, yeah. Once that straightened out. I want to make sure you're actually
Jodi Dumler: Hopefully, getting stay somewhere for a while and getting to get some stability going
Jason short: All
Jason short: Right.
Jason short: Well, you like
Jodi Dumler: I thought you kind of were okay with this new house setup.
Jason short: Oh,
Jason short: Yeah.
Okay.
Jodi Dumler: Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: Is Maria still working at all ever
Jason short: Crying screw for a spray. But whatever they negritude
Jodi Dumler: Okay, do you have that little bit of money come in every in every once in a while.
Jodi Dumler: Because you never you guys don't have any she's not on a disability or anything either. So you don't have. Do you have any money consistently coming in for you guys.
Jason short: Know, okay.
Okay.
Jodi Dumler: And where are you guys living now where's your new place that
Jason short: Long
Jodi Dumler: So there's really not anything. So it's really same pool of work and all of that. It's about the same. So there's nothing that you see as potential minimal in, you know, minimal hours going forward. That might be an option. I know you said you're going to think about work, but you don't know
Jason short: I really, I could find somebody that would just let me have a local forum or something.
Jodi Dumler: Do you guys get food stamps for firm for food and things like that, then
Jason short: Yeah, she just love Inside Sales. Okay.
That's good.
Jodi Dumler: I guess for what I want to know. Jason is
Jodi Dumler: Is if you get on your medicine and nothing changes.
Jodi Dumler: I don't know, I guess, quality of life. Why are you getting real
Jason short: Okay.
Jodi Dumler: You're kind of used to you kind of used to it at this point. So as long as the medications consistent, you're pretty used to your day to day
Jason short: Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: Well, I can't, I can't promise you it's going to be done.
Jodi Dumler: Today, because I'm not getting a response. Yet, um,
Jodi Dumler: And I don't know.
Jodi Dumler: I don't know if I'm guessing the holdup is on the pharmacy side, but I can't tell 100%
Jodi Dumler: But they did visit with you. So the plan, right, is that as soon as the pharmacy approves that you'll get the medication and then you'll just have to consistently do the testing and things to
Jodi Dumler: You know, just to show once you're back on. Is that kind of the plan.
Jason short: Yeah, okay.
Jodi Dumler: Yeah, and to make sure you get your drug. Did they work with you. They said, kind of some of the issue that they ran into. And I think why everything fell apart partially is that we just didn't have much for drug tests on you, um,
Jodi Dumler: Do we have. Do they have it fixed. So there's gonna be a good address that it's going to come to and you're going to get it. Now I know we've had issues in the past.
Jason short: Oh, how old your mama.
Jason short: Your mama true. Okay.
Jodi Dumler: Let me make sure that it's in here right
Jodi Dumler: Hold on, I got a response from Daniel I'm reading it. Give me a second.
Jodi Dumler: Okay.
Jodi Dumler: So it looks like
Jodi Dumler: It looks like at this
Point.
Jason short: It's gonna be
Jodi Dumler: Kind of
Jodi Dumler: I would just in my mind, the way I
Jason short: Would look at it.
Jason short: Is just going to get everything straight into back
Jodi Dumler: Out is going to be pretty much like when you started or you're going to
Jason short: Have to
Do all the weekly stuff.
Jodi Dumler: To make sure everybody's back working together.
Jodi Dumler: That the pharmacies. Good.
Jason short: The doctors. Good.
Jodi Dumler: Where you're making weekly appointments
Jason short: You're making
Jason short: Drug
Jodi Dumler: Tests right away when they asked for them, all that stuff that they always have. You start out
With
Jodi Dumler: I mean, how are you going to be able
Jason short: To do that.
Jason short: And he kind of told me we don't have a lot of
Jodi Dumler: Options because you told me there's nowhere else you can get
Jodi Dumler: Can you try again. Jason I know you just
Jason short: Spoke but it didn't come through.
You'll do whatever you have to
Jodi Dumler: Okay.
Jason short: I will see
Jodi Dumler: What I can do to get you the script for the
Jason short: Week.
Jason short: Are you supposed to meet the doctor.
Jason short: Next week,
Jodi Dumler: Okay, I would plan on it. I'm gonna I'm gonna plan on
Jodi Dumler: That you're seeing
Jason short: The doctor
Jason short: And me next week just
Jason short: So we can make sure everything gets
Jason short: Approved and I consistently goes forward.
Jodi Dumler: They think as long as you're
Jason short: making appointments and
Jason short: You're going and pick your medicine up
In person, I think.
Jodi Dumler: We should be able to keep going forward.
So,
Jason short: I'll see what I can do to get
Jason short: That through today. Okay.
Jodi Dumler: I know your internet. I don't know what happened. I know you're borrowing it you're you're you're stealing internet. So I don't know what to
Jodi Dumler: Tell you
Jodi Dumler: They can't hear you. But I know you're
Jason short: I know you're trying to respond to me.
Jodi Dumler: I can see that. But I can't
Jason short: Hear anything
Jason short: You can hear me.
Jodi Dumler: Hey,
Jodi Dumler: Jason, can you
Jodi Dumler: I'm gonna hear
Jodi Dumler: Your phone work now for phone calls.
Jason short: Oh, I got my mom was weighing me. Oh, he does.
Jodi Dumler: He does. Okay. What I wanted to do is I'm gonna call it I'm gonna work. I'm gonna see if I can get this moving forward. Still, because I feel like I'm still trying to get it to move forward.
Jodi Dumler: With them, and I'm going to call you back with the plan for next week. Now, everybody knows the plan for next week.
Jason short: Because then I feel like we can get through a week.
Jodi Dumler: Get through a week and then we can get through a week for a little while. Okay.
Jodi Dumler: It's gonna, it looks like
Jodi Dumler: We're doing week square script. Okay.
Jodi Dumler: So it's gonna be like week. A week you and I and the doctor working together until everybody's good again.
Jodi Dumler: OK.
Jason short: OK.
Jodi Dumler: OK, so I'll call you in a little bit.
Jason short: All right, I'll call you. Okay.
Jodi Dumler: All right. Hi.
Jason short: Ah,